god bless mommy god bless daddy
god bless the new almond forgotten
someone to keep thinking me I forgot to
dress me
god bless me a tooth the moorlands
funniest writer ready to put the smile
bet on our seat will you fight that war
but it is over what am i doing about it
you're doing and what you're good at
writing place had enough of making
people laugh I want to make them see I
need to get out of London somewhere
quiet and trying to see for what you're
going to live here this is your new home
from ma'am mommy says you're writing a
book stop people going to war I think
the books the door good idea you're the
only one that does it really like she
writes but for me I definitely read it
shall we go for a walk aren't you
working it doesn't seem likely you think
of a good name for donkey in your
they'll be gone in a minute being a good
dancer you just want to make honey yes
I completely forgot about these that is
crazy
I don't need to be happy but I think
I've got something for us
earnest and I are putting your bear in a
book or putting you in it too what do
you call me in the book your real name
Christopher Robin let's be hunters in
the snow
come on look like the creatures in the
story
toys that toys but the woods are real we
never could it's rather inexplicable yes
evening picture on the front page
why does everyone like winning to pierce
anyone after the war there was so much
sadness then we need a break him alone
shall we gave it away I've got heaps of
writing to do I'm afraid he has to be
allowed to draw he had to know he's
important radio into the newspaper
interview can't do all this static
identity physical book
[Music]
Golemon black a home I should think
you
[Music]